capital = 1297
### TRANSITIONAL GOVERNMENTS ###

## VLADIVOSTOK

# NOVOSIBIRSK

## POST SWRW TRANSITIONAL GOVTS.

# NOVOSIBIRSK

recruit_character = RDC_Alexander_Novikov
recruit_character = CAU_Mikhail_Baganov
recruit_character = UKR_Dmitry_Glinka
recruit_character = CRI_Matvei_Batrakov
recruit_character = OST_Nikolay_Skomorokhov
recruit_character = BLR_Boris_Fulik
recruit_character = PAU_Nestor_Kozin
recruit_character = OKB_Mikhail_Evseev

### Failstate Leaders ###

recruit_character = NOV_Koyanto
recruit_character = NOV_Rytgev_Rytkheu
recruit_character = NOV_Matvey_Innokentevich_Amagaev
recruit_character = NOV_Ogdo_Aksyonova
recruit_character = NOV_Alitet_Nemtushkin
recruit_character = NOV_Valery_Chaptynov
recruit_character = NOV_Megacorporation_Troika
recruit_character = NOV_Leonid_Vasilievich_Laptsui
recruit_character = NOV_Alexander_Vasilyevich_Filipenko
recruit_character = NOV_Anatoly_Ivanovich_Saltykov
recruit_character = NOV_Mongush_Kenin_Lopsan
recruit_character = NOV_Viktor_Orlov

## POST SWRW INDEPENDENT LEADERS

# DEMOCRATIC RUSSIA

recruit_character = CAU_Caucasian_Council
recruit_character = EST_Vajno_Valjas
recruit_character = LAT_Valdis_Birkavs
recruit_character = LAT_Baltic_Council
recruit_character = BLR_Pyotr_Masherov
recruit_character = UKR_Leonid_Kravchuk
recruit_character = AZR_heydar_aliyev
recruit_character = GEO_Zviad_Gamsakhurdia
recruit_character = LIT_Vytautas_Landsbergis

### END OF TRANSITIONAL GOVERNMENTS ###

### PROXY WAR GOVERNMENTS ###

# recruit_character = ARM_Gurgen_Zanikjan
recruit_character = ARM_Gurgen_Arutjunovic_Dalibaltajan

### KAZAKHSTAN###

# recruit_character = PAV_Sultanakhmet_Kozhikov
# recruit_character = PAV_RUS_Imperial_Government
# recruit_character = PAV_RUS_Imperial_Government_Alternate

### POLAND ###

recruit_character = POL_Karol_Wojtyla
recruit_character = POL_Alfred_Urbanski
recruit_character = POL_Edward_Gierek
recruit_character = POL_Edward_Raczynski
recruit_character = POL_Kazimierz_Sabbat
recruit_character = POL_Swiatlo_Jozef
recruit_character = POL_home_army
recruit_character = POL_Kazimierz_Puczynski

### ROMANIA ###

recruit_character = ROM_Ion_Iliescu

### HUNGARY ###

### GERMANY ###

recruit_character = GER_kurt_waldheim
recruit_character = GER_reichstag_emergency_council_2
recruit_character = GER_Willi_Brandner

### BOHEMIA ###

### WEST CHINA ###

recruit_character = QIN_Sun_Tse_Ping
recruit_character = QIN_Li_Xiannian
recruit_character = GER_turkish_people #the things we do for funni

### CENTRAL ASIA ###

recruit_character = TRK_RUS_Provisional_Government
recruit_character = TRK_RUS_Imperial_Government
recruit_character = TRK_SOV_Provisional_Government
recruit_character = TRK_AFG_Puppet
recruit_character = KRK_RUS_Provisional_Government
recruit_character = UZB_RUS_Provisional_Government
recruit_character = UZB_AFG_Puppet
recruit_character = TAJ_RUS_Provisional_Government
recruit_character = TAJ_AFG_Puppet
recruit_character = KYR_RUS_Provisional_Government
recruit_character = KYR_AFG_Puppet

### WRF - TUKHACHEVSKY ###

### MADAGASCAR ###
recruit_character = MAD_Keiu_Matsuo

### Denmark ###
recruit_character = DEN_Anker_JÃ¸rgensen
recruit_character = DEN_Arne_Munch_Petersen
recruit_character = DEN_Poul_Hartling
recruit_character = DEN_German_Garrison
recruit_character = DEN_Soeren_Kam
recruit_character = DEN_Freedom_council

### Netherlands ###
recruit_character = HOL_Nico_Berghuijs
recruit_character = HOL_Bastiaan_Fortman
recruit_character = HOL_Frans_Andriseen
recruit_character = HOL_Hans_Janmaat
recruit_character = HOL_Joop_Glimmerveen

### Slovakia ###
recruit_character = SLO_Julius_Duris
recruit_character = SLO_Ivan_Pietor

### French Puppet ###
recruit_character = GLC_Andre_Lajoinie
recruit_character = GLC_Jacques_Chirac
